1. What is the difference between is and ==?
    'is'-checks if the two variables are pointing to the same object in the memory
    '=='-checks if the value of both the variables are equal.

2. what makes python a high level language?
    python is a hih level language beacuse it allows users to write the code that has:
    ->easier syntax(just uses english like keywords)
    ->python has large number of inbuilt functions in order to perform operations like file handling,mathematics,networking,data analysis etc..
    ->python automatically allocates and free memory using garbage collection(there is no need to manually allocate memory (malloc()) and free memory(free()))
    ->python code can run on windows,macos etc..
    ->python code hides implementation

3. is pyhton compiled or interpreted?
    Python is both compiled and interpreted. 
    First, the Python interpreter compiles the source code (.py) into bytecode (.pyc). 
    Then, the Python Virtual Machine (PVM) interprets and executes the bytecode. 
    It is commonly called an interpreted language because this compilation process happens automatically and is hidden from the programmer.

4. what is PVM?
    The Python Virtual Machine (PVM) is the runtime component of Python that executes Python bytecode. 
    After the Python interpreter compiles the source code into bytecode, the PVM reads and executes it instruction by instruction.
    It acts as an interface between the Python program and the computer's hardware, making Python programs portable across different operating systems.

5. are variables references or boxes?
    variables are references and not boxes.
    they are the label that are attached to an object in memeory.
    insted of storing the actual value they refer to object in memory.

6. name 5 immutable data types?
    int,str,float,bool,tuple
    these are called immutable datatypes  because once an object created of these types,its values  cannot be modified.
    if we do so, python will create new object.

7. name 3 mutable data types
    list,dict,set 

8. why input() returns a string?
    The input() function returns a string because it reads text entered by the user from the keyboard.
    Since keyboard input is received as characters, Python treats it as a string by default.

9. What is the difference between / and //?
    '/'-division it returns a floatvalue
    '//'-floor division it returns an integer which rounds up down to the nearest whole number.